pages/research.md, before:

---
title: Research
permalink: /research/
layout: page
keywords: 'artifacts, museum, laboratory,'
description: >-
  The Anthropology Laboratory of Research and Exhibitions (LRE) is a dynamic
  facility  dedicated to research, conservation and dissemination of
  anthropological knowledge to  the university community and the general public.
published: true
---
## Laboratory of Research and Exhibitions

The Anthropology Laboratory of Research and Exhibitions (LRE) is a dynamic facility dedicated to research, conservation and dissemination of anthropological knowledge to the Temple University community and the general public. The holdings include approximately 200 collections that have been generated by faculty and graduate student field research and obtained through inter-museum loans and transfers.  They are archaeological, ethnographical and biological in nature.

The archaeological holdings include collections derived from sites excavated in the Mid-Atlantic Region, along with comparative lithic and ceramic collections from the American Southeast and Southwest and Central America. LRE serves as a repository for cultural resource management reports, collections from the National Park Service and from the states of Pennsylvania and New Jersey.

The ethnographic collections feature material artifacts from various cultures of North America, South America, and Oceania.

The physical anthropology collections feature casts of fossil hominid remains, human skeletal specimens, and comparative collections of primate and other mammalian skeletal and dental specimens.

The Laboratory is used to teach and train both undergraduate and graduate students, providing hands-on learning experiences in observing, documenting, and analyzing anthropological specimens of all kinds. For more information about the Anthropology Laboratory and Museum, follow this [link](http://gamma.library.temple.edu/anthropologylab/).

## Fifty Years of Collecting, Curating and Saving the Past for the Future: A History

Before moving to Gladfelter Hall in 1972, the Anthropology Laboratory of Research and Exhibitions was located in College Hall, next to the Baptist Temple, where collections began arriving in 1964.  

Presently:
- Exhibits may be found at the entrance to the Laboratory (in the Gladfelter Hall lobby, L8), as well as elsewhere on campus, such as the [Center for the Humanities at Temple CHAT](http://www.temple.edu/humanities/activities/exhibits/ExcavatingDesire.htm).
- An internship in collections management is sponsored through the [Temple University Career Center](http://www.temple.edu/provost/careercenter/).
- A blog about our collections can be found [here](https://anthropologylabtemple.wordpress.com/). 
- An article about the Laboratory and Museum appeared in the Summer 2011 issue of the [Temple Review](http://www.temple.edu/templemag/archives/2011_summer/Earthly_Treasures_sum11.html).
- The Laboratory and Museum are featured in a [short video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LecSEiUCxQ) from [The Temple News](http://www.temple-news.com/).
- Undergraduate anthropology major Nicole Welk is featured in a "[Faces of Temple](https://news.temple.edu/news/faces-nicole_welk)" short video for her work with the collections in creating the exhibit “Anthropology Speaks.”

## For further information, please contact:

### Director
Anthropology Laboratory<br>
[Dr. Leslie Reeder-Myers](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/academics/faculty/reeder-myers-leslie)<br>
[215-204-1418](tel:2152041418)<br>
[leslie.reeder-myers@temple.edu](mailto:leslie.reeder-myers@temple.edu)

### Chair
Laboratory and Technology Committee<br>
[Dr. Charles Weitz](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/academics/faculty/weitz-charles)<br>
[weitz@temple.edu](mailto:weitz@temple.edu)

Commit message:

Added link to Labs page.

pages/research.md, after:

---
title: Research
permalink: /research/
layout: page
keywords: 'artifacts, museum, laboratory,'
description: >-
  The Anthropology Laboratory of Research and Exhibitions (LRE) is a dynamic
  facility  dedicated to research, conservation and dissemination of
  anthropological knowledge to  the university community and the general public.
published: true
---
## Laboratory of Research and Exhibitions

The Anthropology Laboratory of Research and Exhibitions (LRE) is a dynamic facility dedicated to research, conservation and dissemination of anthropological knowledge to the Temple University community and the general public. The holdings include approximately 200 collections that have been generated by faculty and graduate student field research and obtained through inter-museum loans and transfers.  They are archaeological, ethnographical and biological in nature.

The archaeological holdings include collections derived from sites excavated in the Mid-Atlantic Region, along with comparative lithic and ceramic collections from the American Southeast and Southwest and Central America. LRE serves as a repository for cultural resource management reports, collections from the National Park Service and from the states of Pennsylvania and New Jersey.

The ethnographic collections feature material artifacts from various cultures of North America, South America, and Oceania.

The physical anthropology collections feature casts of fossil hominid remains, human skeletal specimens, and comparative collections of primate and other mammalian skeletal and dental specimens.

The Laboratory is used to teach and train both undergraduate and graduate students, providing hands-on learning experiences in observing, documenting, and analyzing anthropological specimens of all kinds. For more information about the Anthropology Laboratory and Museum, follow this [link](http://gamma.library.temple.edu/anthropologylab/).

Click [here](https://www.cla.temple.edu/anthropology/labs/) to view full descriptions of our hands on research labs! 

## Fifty Years of Collecting, Curating and Saving the Past for the Future: A History

Before moving to Gladfelter Hall in 1972, the Anthropology Laboratory of Research and Exhibitions was located in College Hall, next to the Baptist Temple, where collections began arriving in 1964.  

Presently:
- Exhibits may be found at the entrance to the Laboratory (in the Gladfelter Hall lobby, L8), as well as elsewhere on campus, such as the [Center for the Humanities at Temple CHAT](http://www.temple.edu/humanities/activities/exhibits/ExcavatingDesire.htm).
- An internship in collections management is sponsored through the [Temple University Career Center](http://www.temple.edu/provost/careercenter/).
- A blog about our collections can be found [here](https://anthropologylabtemple.wordpress.com/). 
- An article about the Laboratory and Museum appeared in the Summer 2011 issue of the [Temple Review](http://www.temple.edu/templemag/archives/2011_summer/Earthly_Treasures_sum11.html).
- The Laboratory and Museum are featured in a [short video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LecSEiUCxQ) from [The Temple News](http://www.temple-news.com/).
- Undergraduate anthropology major Nicole Welk is featured in a "[Faces of Temple](https://news.temple.edu/news/faces-nicole_welk)" short video for her work with the collections in creating the exhibit “Anthropology Speaks.”

## For further information, please contact:

### Director
Anthropology Laboratory<br>
[Dr. Leslie Reeder-Myers](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/academics/faculty/reeder-myers-leslie)<br>
[215-204-1418](tel:2152041418)<br>
[leslie.reeder-myers@temple.edu](mailto:leslie.reeder-myers@temple.edu)

### Chair
Laboratory and Technology Committee<br>
[Dr. Charles Weitz](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/academics/faculty/weitz-charles)<br>
[weitz@temple.edu](mailto:weitz@temple.edu)
