pages/undergradaute.md, before:

---
# global predefined variables
layout: tla_page
permalink: /undergraduate/
published: true
# meta-data variables
title: Undergraduate
description: >-
  Earn a degree, minor, or certificate in Anthropology from the College of Liberal Arts. Apply to
  Temple University and work with our advising team to craft the right curricular plan and track for you.
keywords: 'anthropology, undergraduate, visual, biology, track'
# custom variables
sidebar: sidebars/undergraduate.html
---
If you’re fascinated by how human societies and cultures develop, then a Temple University Anthropology [degree](#bachelor-of-arts-in-anthropology) is your path for turning that passion into a career. Undergraduate Anthropology majors learn the discipline’s four subfields and conduct field research around the globe. Want to study Anthropology without majoring in it? Our minor or [certificate](#certificate-in-language-and-cross-cultural-communication) program might be right for you. [Apply](#undergraduate-admissions) today and let our [advising team](#academic-advising-and-professional-development) help you craft an academic the curricular plan that’s right for that matches your interests and needs.

## Bachelor of Arts in Anthropology
![Dr. Weitz and children]({{site.baseurl}}/media/resized 2 Dr. Weitz and children.jpg){:.responsive-img .img-right}
Anthropology majors at Temple gain a foundation in all of the four sub-fields associated with the discipline’s comprehensive study of humans and human cultures - archaeology, biological anthropology, linguistic anthropology and sociocultural anthropology. Laboratory facilities, internships, fieldwork and experiential learning courses provide our students with practical experiences in all areas of anthropology.

### The Four Sub-Fields of Anthropology
The word “anthropology” comes from the Greek “Anthropos” (meaning “human”) and logia (meaning “study”).  Anthropology is the only discipline that claims to study humans in all their dimensions, from the beginning of human existence to the present day

**Archaeology**<br>
Archaeologists study the remains left by people and cultures who lived in the past by analyzing material remains such as artifacts, human remains, architecture, and modified landscapes and environments. Archeaologists use this evidence to study such topics as how social groups were formed, how systems such as religion and government emerged, how/why humans develop agriculture and other subsistence patterns and how/why human societies thrive or decline.

**Biological Anthropology**<br>
Biological anthropologists study human evolutionary origins and the evolution of the unique biological features that characterize all humans. They also study the biological variation that exists among contemporary populations, as well as how biological variation existed in past populations. They consider how the environment, genes and culture have interacted to shape human biology in the past and present. Finally, they study the characteristics and behaviors of living and extinct non-human primates.

**Linguistic Anthropology**<br>
Linguistic anthropologists study the unique human capacity for complex communication and how human language works. This subfield explores how linguistic and communicative practices shape the ways humans speak to each other, patterns of social interaction, categories of identity and group membership.

**Sociocultural Anthropology**<br>
Sociocultural anthropologists study contemporary human groups across the world to understand and compare how they create meaning about themselves and others. Sociocultural anthropologists attempt to identify social patterns and practices, as well as how human communities change and adapt as they encounter shifting access to resources, changing political regimes, and climate change. To gain an “insider” understanding of how a particular community understands itself, sociocultural (and linguistic) anthropologists spend months or years living in the community conducting fieldwork. 

- Learn More about the [BA in Anthropology](https://www.temple.edu/academics/degree-programs/anthropology-major-la-anth-ba)

## Minor in Anthropology
The Minor in Anthropology is designed for any undergraduate at Temple who wants to learn about general anthropology, but cannot commit to a full academic major. Whatever your plans are after graduation, minoring in anthropology will help you stand out; employers will appreciate your writing and research skills, well-rounded education, as well as your capacity to speak about human communities and social change in complex and informed ways.

Learn More about the [Minor in Anthropology](https://bulletin.temple.edu/undergraduate/liberal-arts/anthropology/general_anthropology-minor/)

## Minor in Biomedical Anthropology
The Biomedical Anthropology Minor in the Department of Anthropology integrates knowledge of modern human biological variation and sensitivity to the complex of social factors that contribute to health, well-being and to understanding and treating disease conditions. Therefore, it is particularly valuable for students who intend to seek careers in health care fields serving modern multi-cultural populations. The Human Biology approach in Anthropology develops Core Competencies essential for admission into post-graduate health professional programs, including cultural competence, understanding of human behavior, analytical thought and problem-solving skills directed towards biological systems and written and verbal communication. If you’re interested in this concentration, contact Dr. Charles Weitz, at [215-204-7330](tel:2152047330) or [weitz@temple.edu](mailto:weitz@temple.edu).

- Learn More about the [Minor in Biomedical Anthropology](https://bulletin.temple.edu/undergraduate/liberal-arts/anthropology/biomedical-anthropology-minor/)

## Minor in Visual Anthropology
The Visual Anthropology Minor is well suited to students with interests in all forms of alternative media, artistic performance, documentary and ethnographic film, feature film, home media and televisual communication (including both broadcast and narrowcast forms). In addition, the role of new media in social change plays an increasing role in the discipline of visual anthropology, including digital ethnographic methods. Research topics include Turkish film, African textiles, Indigenous media, photographs, tattoos and Facebook. If you’re interested in learning more, contact Jayasinhji Jhala, at [215-204-7727](tel:2152047727) or [jjhala@temple.edu](mailto:jjhala@temple.edu).

- Learn More about the [Minor in Visual Anthropology](https://bulletin.temple.edu/undergraduate/liberal-arts/anthropology/visual-anthropology-minor/)

## Certificate in Language and Cross-Cultural Communication
The Certificate in Language and Cross-Cultural Communication provides you with the sociolinguistic and cultural knowledge you need to solve language-related in both everyday and institutional communication. The program lines up well with the current institutional mission of Temple University - we prepare students to work and thrive in an increasingly globalized world where language-related expertise, particularly cross-linguistic and cross-cultural knowledge, is a highly desirable skill. The curriculum for the certificate consists of linguistic anthropology courses that cover language and how language is used to understand culture, how languages are distributed across the world and their contemporary and historical relationships.

- Learn More about the [Certificate in Language and Cross-Cultural Communication](https://www.temple.edu/academics/degree-programs/language-and-cross-culture-communication-certificate-undergraduate-la-lccc-cert)

## Academic Advising and Professional Development
Take full advantage of the [College of Liberal Arts](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/)’ flexible curriculum with the help of our award-winning advisors. We help you select a major or a minor, and graduate on time. Beyond academics, our advisors ensure that you have a rich experience at Temple by complementing your academic work with internships, study abroad programs and other experiential learning opportunities.

- Learn More about [Temple’s Award-Winning Advisors](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/advising)

## Fly in 4
Take charge of your future and limit your debt. The Fly in 4 partnership allows you to complete your degree on time — or Temple will pay for your remaining course work. Graduating on time means your path to success starts sooner. We provide you with the resources you need to graduate in four years, like academic advising and classes offered when you need them. You commit to doing what it takes to blaze your career path in four years.

- Learn More about [How to Fly in 4](http://fly.temple.edu/)

## Tuition and Fees
For more than 130 years, we have focused on providing a world-class education at an affordable price. Just compare Temple to other universities and see what we mean. Temple tuition rates vary by college or school, residency status, student level and more. Use the [Temple Tuition Calculator](https://bursar.temple.edu/tuition-and-fees/tuition-rates) to estimate your tuition rate.

## Financial Aid and Scholarships
At Temple, we believe that students from all walks of life should have access to an outstanding college education. If you need help paying for your education, you aren’t alone. Most students receive some form of financial aid to fund their education. About 60% of first-year Temple students receive need-based financial aid, and the average first-year financial aid package is about $15,000. Eligible students receive financial assistance from federal, state, private and university sources. Explore your financial aid options and apply early to make your college education an affordable experience.

- Learn More about [Financial Aid and Scholarships](https://www.temple.edu/academics/degree-programs/anthropology-major-la-anth-ba/anthropology-ba-scholarships-and-financial-aid)

## Additional Resources
- [Changing your Major](https://www.cla.temple.edu/academic-advising/policies-and-procedures/)
- [Graduation Application Process](https://www.cla.temple.edu/academic-advising/graduation/)
- [Undergraduate policies and procedures](https://bulletin.temple.edu/undergraduate/academic-policies/)

Commit message:

updated to reflect new themes students must choose

pages/undergradaute.md, after:

---
# global predefined variables
layout: tla_page
permalink: /undergraduate/
published: true
# meta-data variables
title: Undergraduate
description: >-
  Earn a degree, minor, or certificate in Anthropology from the College of Liberal Arts. Apply to
  Temple University and work with our advising team to craft the right curricular plan and track for you.
keywords: 'anthropology, undergraduate, visual, biology, track'
# custom variables
sidebar: sidebars/undergraduate.html
---
If you’re fascinated by how human societies and cultures develop, then a Temple University Anthropology [degree](#bachelor-of-arts-in-anthropology) is your path for turning that passion into a career. Undergraduate Anthropology majors learn the discipline’s four subfields and conduct field research around the globe. Want to study Anthropology without majoring in it? Our minor or [certificate](#certificate-in-language-and-cross-cultural-communication) program might be right for you. [Apply](#undergraduate-admissions) today and let our [advising team](#academic-advising-and-professional-development) help you craft an academic the curricular plan that’s right for that matches your interests and needs.

## Bachelor of Arts in Anthropology
![Dr. Weitz and children]({{site.baseurl}}/media/resized 2 Dr. Weitz and children.jpg){:.responsive-img .img-right}
Anthropology majors at Temple gain a foundation in all of the four sub-fields associated with the discipline’s comprehensive study of humans and human cultures - archaeology, biological anthropology, linguistic anthropology and sociocultural anthropology. Laboratory facilities, internships, fieldwork and experiential learning courses provide our students with practical experiences in all areas of anthropology.

### The Four Sub-Fields of Anthropology
The word “anthropology” comes from the Greek “Anthropos” (meaning “human”) and logia (meaning “study”).  Anthropology is the only discipline that claims to study humans in all their dimensions, from the beginning of human existence to the present day

**Archaeology**<br>
Archaeologists study the remains left by people and cultures who lived in the past by analyzing material remains such as artifacts, human remains, architecture, and modified landscapes and environments. Archeaologists use this evidence to study such topics as how social groups were formed, how systems such as religion and government emerged, how/why humans develop agriculture and other subsistence patterns and how/why human societies thrive or decline.

**Biological Anthropology**<br>
Biological anthropologists study human evolutionary origins and the evolution of the unique biological features that characterize all humans. They also study the biological variation that exists among contemporary populations, as well as how biological variation existed in past populations. They consider how the environment, genes and culture have interacted to shape human biology in the past and present. Finally, they study the characteristics and behaviors of living and extinct non-human primates.

**Linguistic Anthropology**<br>
Linguistic anthropologists study the unique human capacity for complex communication and how human language works. This subfield explores how linguistic and communicative practices shape the ways humans speak to each other, patterns of social interaction, categories of identity and group membership.

**Sociocultural Anthropology**<br>
Sociocultural anthropologists study contemporary human groups across the world to understand and compare how they create meaning about themselves and others. Sociocultural anthropologists attempt to identify social patterns and practices, as well as how human communities change and adapt as they encounter shifting access to resources, changing political regimes, and climate change. To gain an “insider” understanding of how a particular community understands itself, sociocultural (and linguistic) anthropologists spend months or years living in the community conducting fieldwork. 

- Learn More about the [BA in Anthropology](https://www.temple.edu/academics/degree-programs/anthropology-major-la-anth-ba)

### Choose Between Two Themes 
In order to encourage students to think across the sub-fields of anthropology, anthropology majors at Temple focus on one of two themes: **Mobility and Global Inequality**, which draws mainly on cultural and linguistic subfields, or **Evolution and Human Environments**, which emphasizes biological and archaeological approaches. However, each theme seeks to incorporate material from across all four subfields.

**Mobility and Global Inequality (MGI)**<br>
The MGI theme begins with the Mobility and Global Inequality introductory course and ends with the MGI capstone course. This theme emphasizes how humans have moved and changed over time, and continue to migrate across the world, as they seek to escape poverty, political oppression, or other contexts of insecurity and marginalization. Though it focuses on the contemporary world and how such processes as globalization and climate change continue to remake human life and organization of human societies, it seeks to embed this examination in broader historical processes such as; the emergence of nationalism, colonialism, the slave trade and rapid technological change, especially with regard to manufacturing, banking, transportation and mass media.

**Evolution and Human Environments (EHE)**<br>
The EHE theme begins with the Evolution and Human Environments introductory course and ends with the EHE capstone course. This theme uses the evolutionary and ecological sciences to understand the human condition. It brings together courses that emphasize dynamic systems in human biology and the human-environment interface. Students learn how evolutionary and ecological processes influence the development and sustainability of ancient and modern populations. Courses related to this theme emphasize understanding the socio-environmental factors that contribute to human migration, to the emergence of complex societies and to the ways that human cultures adapt to their environment. We also explore how human societies past and present influence, alter and rebuild their environments, as well as the effect that human-caused environmental change has on human health and disease.  

## Minor in Anthropology
The Minor in Anthropology is designed for any undergraduate at Temple who wants to learn about general anthropology, but cannot commit to a full academic major. Whatever your plans are after graduation, minoring in anthropology will help you stand out; employers will appreciate your writing and research skills, well-rounded education, as well as your capacity to speak about human communities and social change in complex and informed ways.

Learn More about the [Minor in Anthropology](https://bulletin.temple.edu/undergraduate/liberal-arts/anthropology/general_anthropology-minor/)

## Minor in Biomedical Anthropology
The Biomedical Anthropology Minor in the Department of Anthropology integrates knowledge of modern human biological variation and sensitivity to the complex of social factors that contribute to health, well-being and to understanding and treating disease conditions. Therefore, it is particularly valuable for students who intend to seek careers in health care fields serving modern multi-cultural populations. The Human Biology approach in Anthropology develops Core Competencies essential for admission into post-graduate health professional programs, including cultural competence, understanding of human behavior, analytical thought and problem-solving skills directed towards biological systems and written and verbal communication. If you’re interested in this concentration, contact Dr. Charles Weitz, at [215-204-7330](tel:2152047330) or [weitz@temple.edu](mailto:weitz@temple.edu).

- Learn More about the [Minor in Biomedical Anthropology](https://bulletin.temple.edu/undergraduate/liberal-arts/anthropology/biomedical-anthropology-minor/)

## Minor in Visual Anthropology
The Visual Anthropology Minor is well suited to students with interests in all forms of alternative media, artistic performance, documentary and ethnographic film, feature film, home media and televisual communication (including both broadcast and narrowcast forms). In addition, the role of new media in social change plays an increasing role in the discipline of visual anthropology, including digital ethnographic methods. Research topics include Turkish film, African textiles, Indigenous media, photographs, tattoos and Facebook. If you’re interested in learning more, contact Jayasinhji Jhala, at [215-204-7727](tel:2152047727) or [jjhala@temple.edu](mailto:jjhala@temple.edu).

- Learn More about the [Minor in Visual Anthropology](https://bulletin.temple.edu/undergraduate/liberal-arts/anthropology/visual-anthropology-minor/)

## Certificate in Language and Cross-Cultural Communication
The Certificate in Language and Cross-Cultural Communication provides you with the sociolinguistic and cultural knowledge you need to solve language-related in both everyday and institutional communication. The program lines up well with the current institutional mission of Temple University - we prepare students to work and thrive in an increasingly globalized world where language-related expertise, particularly cross-linguistic and cross-cultural knowledge, is a highly desirable skill. The curriculum for the certificate consists of linguistic anthropology courses that cover language and how language is used to understand culture, how languages are distributed across the world and their contemporary and historical relationships.

- Learn More about the [Certificate in Language and Cross-Cultural Communication](https://www.temple.edu/academics/degree-programs/language-and-cross-culture-communication-certificate-undergraduate-la-lccc-cert)

## Academic Advising and Professional Development
Take full advantage of the [College of Liberal Arts](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/)’ flexible curriculum with the help of our award-winning advisors. We help you select a major or a minor, and graduate on time. Beyond academics, our advisors ensure that you have a rich experience at Temple by complementing your academic work with internships, study abroad programs and other experiential learning opportunities.

- Learn More about [Temple’s Award-Winning Advisors](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/advising)

## Fly in 4
Take charge of your future and limit your debt. The Fly in 4 partnership allows you to complete your degree on time — or Temple will pay for your remaining course work. Graduating on time means your path to success starts sooner. We provide you with the resources you need to graduate in four years, like academic advising and classes offered when you need them. You commit to doing what it takes to blaze your career path in four years.

- Learn More about [How to Fly in 4](http://fly.temple.edu/)

## Tuition and Fees
For more than 130 years, we have focused on providing a world-class education at an affordable price. Just compare Temple to other universities and see what we mean. Temple tuition rates vary by college or school, residency status, student level and more. Use the [Temple Tuition Calculator](https://bursar.temple.edu/tuition-and-fees/tuition-rates) to estimate your tuition rate.

## Financial Aid and Scholarships
At Temple, we believe that students from all walks of life should have access to an outstanding college education. If you need help paying for your education, you aren’t alone. Most students receive some form of financial aid to fund their education. About 60% of first-year Temple students receive need-based financial aid, and the average first-year financial aid package is about $15,000. Eligible students receive financial assistance from federal, state, private and university sources. Explore your financial aid options and apply early to make your college education an affordable experience.

- Learn More about [Financial Aid and Scholarships](https://www.temple.edu/academics/degree-programs/anthropology-major-la-anth-ba/anthropology-ba-scholarships-and-financial-aid)

## Additional Resources
- [Changing your Major](https://www.cla.temple.edu/academic-advising/policies-and-procedures/)
- [Graduation Application Process](https://www.cla.temple.edu/academic-advising/graduation/)
- [Undergraduate policies and procedures](https://bulletin.temple.edu/undergraduate/academic-policies/)
